= Search

ifdef::hidden[] Search results in Salesforce and in the mobile
application are different. Click
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.search_fields_cex.htm&type=5[here]
to see objects and fields that are searchable in Salesforce. 
ifdef::ios[]The search is case insensitive and can register
full-match search results. For example, if you search _«Account Name»_,
only _«Account Name»_ results will be shown,
and _«Account»_ or _«Name»_ will not be matched. ifndef::win[]

[[h2__80851391]]
=== Global Search

The *Global Search* button is located at the top of the
link:home-screen.html[Home screen] and allows you to search records of
objects added to the link:app-menu.html[main menu].

Search is carried out in the fields that are listed on the
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.search_edit_layouts.htm&type=5[Search
Results] search layout and in the fields specified as the title and
subtitle on the link:compact-layout.html[compact layout]. The found
records are displayed on the left side of the screen.

ifdef::ios[]
image:search-global.png[]
ifdef::andr[]
image:45878832.png[]

[[h2__477596190]]
=== Search in Records

ifdef::win[][NOTE] ==== Records of the
[.object]#Event ==== and [.object]#Task# objects can be searched only by titles and subtitles listed in compact layouts.#

This type of search is placed at the top of the records list in all
objects added to the menu.



ifdef::win[] The search button allows all records of the selected
object to be searched according to the selected list view. Search is
carried out in the fields that are listed on the
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.search_edit_layouts.htm&type=5[Search
Results] search layout and in the fields specified as the title and
subtitle on the link:compact-layout.html[compact layout]. The found
records are displayed on the left side of the screen. ifndef::win[]
The search button allows all records of the selected object to be
searched. Search is carried out in the fields that are listed on the
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.search_edit_layouts.htm&type=5[Search
Results] search layout and in the fields specified as the title and
subtitle on the link:compact-layout.html[compact layout]. The found
records are displayed on the left side of the screen. ifdef::ios[]
image:search-records.png[]
ifdef::win[]
image:62575033.png[]
ifdef::andr[]
image:45878834.png[]
